---
title: "Project Meeting 02"
description: "Saturday, 3rd June 2023 from 1600 to 1500 <br> SCIS1 SR-B1.1<br>"
author:
  - name: Thng Yao Wen
    #url: 
date: '2023-06-04'
format: html
output:
  distill::distill_article:
    self_contained: false
    toc: true
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 64
---

# Agenda(s)

+---------------------------------------------------------------+
| 1.  Discussion on Project Approach                            |
+---------------------------------------------------------------+
| 2.  Work Allocation for Project Proposal                      |
+---------------------------------------------------------------+
| 3.  Review on next agenda(s)                                  |
+---------------------------------------------------------------+

# 1. Discussion on Project Approach

The team members shared their individual approach and the flow
based on Take Home Exercise 2 and agreed that we will use Jia
Wen's approach for the time being and do the necessary fine
tuning during the project.

The team also agreed that more time should be taken to explore
the different literature reviews available to understand the
factors that maybe related to illegal fishing. Junseok recapped
the trans-shipment methodologies that he have read in the
literature review that Prof Kam's shared.

Yao Wen suggested for all of us to work on the common Git, and
reminded the team to always `pull` first before pushing
anything. Jia Wen shared some useful links for themes on [quarto
website.](https://quarto.org/docs/gallery/#websites)

# 2. Work Allocation on Project Proposal

The tasks have been allocated as follows:

| Deliverables      | Assigned to              |
|-------------------|--------------------------|
| Background        | Yao Wen                  |
| Project Topic     | Yao Wen                  |
| Motivation        | Yao Wen                  |
| Approach          | Jia Wen (Junseok to add) |
| Plots             | Jia Wen (Junseok to add) |
| Literature Review | Junseok                  |

# 3. Review on next agenda(s)

The team has decided to look into the design layout of Shiny
application during the next project meeting. In addition, the
team members agreed to keep a lookout for Mini Case 3. Members
will explore question one of Mini Case 3 in the coming week
before the project meeting to discuss if it is worth switching.

# 5. End of Meeting

The meeting ended at 1700. The next meeting would convene on
Saturday, 10th June 2023 at 1600.
