---
title: "Project Meeting 05"
description: "Saturday, 1st July 2023 from 1730 to 1830 <br> Microsoft Teams Meeting<br>"
author:
  - name: Thng Yao Wen
    #url: 
date: '2023-07-02'
format: html
output:
  distill::distill_article:
    self_contained: false
    toc: true
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 87
---

# Agenda(s)

+--------------------------------------------+
| 1.  Update on deployment issues            |
+--------------------------------------------+
| 2.  Discussion on Shiny Application        |
|     1.  Dashboard                          |
|     2.  Network Analysis                   |
|     3.  Topic Modelling                    |
+--------------------------------------------+
| 3.  Discussion on Poster                   |
+--------------------------------------------+
| 4.  Review on next Agenda                  |
+--------------------------------------------+

# 1. Update on deployment issues

Due to deployment issues, the meeting have been postponed from Wednesday, 28th June to
Saturday, 1st July 2023. Team member, Junseok had a consultation with Prof Kam on
Friday, 30th June to debug the deployment issues with regards to the Shiny Application.

He mentioned that the issue have since been resolved as Prof Kam mentioned that the LDA
tuning might be causing the issue with deployment and would be good to comment it out
and refer to it offline. Junseok also mentioned that Prof Kam walked him through the
eventReactive function and it should not be followed by multiple reactive functions
right after and shared the [useful
link](https://debruine.github.io/shinyintro/reactives.html) that he received which is
available on the course website, under Shiny.

Also, Junseok shared that ideally we should have 2 sub menu to keep one analysis on one
screen to avoid screen clutters. Based on the result from various method, the team
agreed that the optimal number for topic groups will be fix at 7.

# 2. Discussion on Shiny Application

Prior to the meeting, Team member, Yao Wen have shared with Team member, Junseok his
working file. He mentioned that saving the outputs as rds is an effective approach and
it does not keep too many code inside shiny. Team member, Junseok shared that he have
stitched the working file and it is currently working well. Thereafter, the team
proceeds to review the shiny application.

## 2.1 Dashboard

Junseok shared his revised layout for the dashboard with the team. For standardization,
he have since modified the insights to the center top of the page. Jia Wen mentioned
that the word cloud should not appear in the topic modelling tab. Junseok asked if he
should put it below the bullet graph but Jia Wen suggested to put it above the bullet
graph as the word cloud give an overview of the product and services before looking at
the topic groups.

## 2.2 Network Analysis

Yao Wen shared his revised Network Analysis with the Team, where he includes the
heatmap. While looking at the heatmap and the total revenue from respective companies,
Jia Wen suggested if we could align the Name of the owners/contact. Currently, the
revenue are sorted from the highest to the lowest while the heatmap is in alphabetical
order. She mentioned that it might not be ideal at first glance because Michael Bell
have the highest revenue and thus, is placed 1st in the bar graph but 5th in the
heatmap. Yao Wen said that he will look into it and see if it will be able to fix the
sequence.

He also showed the revenue comparison box plot that he have created, and the new search
page. Jia Wen asked about the topic modelling of k=4 and Yao Wen mentioned that he used
based on her fixed value and note that he have to revise it to 7.

Jia Wen was confused about one of the insight in the search page as she thought it
refers to the number of different topic group of the company noting that there maybe
instances where 1 company have business in multiple categories. Yao Wen shared that he
refers it as top associated topic group.

Jia Wen asked if it is ideal because she felt that to detect the anomalies, we could
look at the perspective of business having multiple categories. Junseok weighs in as he
felt that it is alright to keep the top topic group but would probably rename it as the
most associated topic group. Yao Wen said that will do so and create another insights
for the number of different topic group. The team also agreed not to create multiple
tabs for the graphs as it will impact the results.

## 2.3 Topic Modelling

Jia Wen shared the link of her quarto document where she did the statistical graphs.
She mentioned there is not much variables to use and we would only look at it from the
revenue's perspective to do the anova test and the type for the chi-square test. Also,
she did a visualization for the confidence interval and asked Junseok to assist in
incorporating it into Shiny so that she could focus on the poster and the user guide.

# 3. Discussion on Poster

Jia Wen shared her progress on the poster and highlighted that she could only continue
after the revised input from our shiny application. She shared that she have completed
some parts of the poster, such as introduction, data preparation and methodology and
included the R packages that we have used into the poster.

# 4. Review on next agenda(s)

Team Member, Yao Wen aims to revise his working file by Sunday, 2nd July and update
Junseok to re-stitching before working on the Project Website. Junseok will work on
revising the shiny application. Jia Wen will continue with the poster and begin the
user guide before sharing with team for further inputs.

# 5. End of Meeting

The meeting ended at 1830. If needed, the next meeting would convene on Monday, 3rd
July 2023 at 2000.
