---
title: "Project Meeting 04"
description: "Sunday, 25th June 2023 from 1700 to 1800 <br> Microsoft Teams Meeting<br>"
author:
  - name: Kim Junseok
    #url: 
date: '2023-06-26'
format: html
output:
  distill::distill_article:
    self_contained: false
    toc: true
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 87
---

# Agenda(s)

+-------------------------------------+
| 1.  Discussion on Shiny Application |
|     1.  Dashboard                   |
|     2.  Network Analysis            |
|     3.  Topic Modelling             |
+-------------------------------------+
| 3.  Review on next Agenda           |
+-------------------------------------+

# 1. Discussion on Shiny Application

The team had a consultation with Prof Kam on Tuesday, 20th June 2023 to discuss the
feasibility of the storyboard. Prior to our current meeting, Jia Wen shared with Team
Member, Yao Wen about the feedback given during the consultation as he could not make
it due to work.

## 1.1 Dashboard

Junseok shared his current progress of the dashboard with the Team. However, the team
members felt that the dashboard does not have any value add as it is filled with bar
chart. Instead, Yao Wen suggested putting a treemap to replace one of the graph. Jia
Wen suggested to look at her Take Home Exercise 3 as she did an interactive treemap
with regards to the top 10 countries. She felt that the treemap is not a good
representative in the dashboard. After some discussion, the team agreed to Yao Wen's
suggestion of flipping the coordinates of the bar chart.

Then, Jia wen suggested to include a small card slot in the dashboard with the word
cloud to arose the user's interest in navigating through other pages in the shiny
application. The team members agreed and Jia Wen would published her code on Github for
Junseok to stitch. Furthermore, Yao Wen suggested to add some form of interactivity to
the chart as the dashboard will be static.

For better visualization, Junseok suggested looking at bullet graph by looking at 5-6
topics and compare the average revenue of Fishery vs All Companies. The team members
felt that we could give this a try. In addition, Jia Wen suggested to include a table
for the company, beneficial owners, and company contacts which the team agreed. She
will provide Junseok with the sketch design of the table.

## 1.2 Network Analysis

Yao Wen shared his current progress of the Network Analysis with the Team. He created
the network graph, bar chart, and a boxplot. By looking at the network graph, it shows
the corresponding revenue of the nodes in the bar chart and the summation in the
boxplot. Jia Wen mentioned that it is similar to what Prof Kam suggested but does not
display the average revenue of all the companies.

The team also discussed on how we could create a better visualization by putting
legends for Beneficial Owner, Company Contact, and adding color to differentiate the
centrality. Yao Wen also shared another page that he have created which allows for an
ID search. It displays the nth-degree and highlights certain variables. Jia Wen finds
the page useful and suggested to keep it as a tab instead of hiding it inside the
network analysis.

## 1.3 Topic Modelling

Jia Wen shared her current progress of the Topic Modelling with the Team. She tested
the Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) method for fitting a topic model as suggested by
Prof Kam. She wanted to introduce interactivity through the number of topic groups.
However, she faced issues with the delay reaction.

The graph is able to run based on the specific numeric input by the user but it loads
incrementally. E.g current value equals to 4 but when an user keys in 7, the graph
loads from 4-5 then 5-6 before stopping at 7. She wanted to introduce a button to
tackle the reaction issue. Despite so, her attempt is unsuccessful. Junseok mentioned
that he is able to look into it and asked Jia Wen to publish her code into github for
him to resolve the issue.

# 2. Review on next agenda(s)

Team Member, Yao Wen aims to complete his Github on Monday and update Junseok for
stitching before working on the Project Website. Junseok is assisting Jia Wen's in the
button before she is able to do the stats graph. In the meantime, she will work on
revising the proposal and begin some part of the poster. The team aims to review the
stitch version in our next meeting.

# 3. End of Meeting

The meeting ended at 1800. The next meeting would convene on Wednesday, 28th June 2023
at 2000.
